Natalie Austin: Hi.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Do the microphone.
Natalie Austin: Click on the microphone.
Natalie Austin: This thing.
QS5509A: Okay, I hear you now.
QS5509A: Good work with a
Natalie Austin: Logo that is
Natalie Austin: Good like you got it though.
Natalie Austin: Well, or years her name, Eric.
QS5509A: War. Yes, yes.
Natalie Austin: Nice to meet you, Eric.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any, um, what's your date of birth.
11 868
Natalie Austin: What is your zip code.
QS5509A: Or 5177
Natalie Austin: Gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Have you ever been in treatment before
QS5509A: Outpatient okay
Natalie Austin: Did they put you on Suboxone or sub you sex.
Natalie Austin: If Suboxone Nope.
No.
Natalie Austin: Have you ever been on it before.
QS5509A: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Tell me about your history, what brings you to bright heart.
Natalie Austin: On it start
QS5509A: Good.
Natalie Austin: Know what, whatever. When did your addiction start and everything.
Natalie Austin: You one sec here. Nope, he's not. Oh, sorry. He was it he's ever at the
Natalie Austin: Bottom five be
QS5509A: About five years ago, I started using heroin.
QS5509A: Ever since, and every time I tried to stop. I get extremely
Sick.
QS5509A: About six work or
Natalie Austin: Are you
Natalie Austin: How old were you
QS5509A: Were I want to start
Yeah.
QS5509A: 46
Okay.
QS5509A: Roller coaster ride every time I try
QS5509A: It is really kick me in the butt.
Natalie Austin: So was last time you took one
QS5509A: Is about last night about six
Natalie Austin: Suboxone
No.
Natalie Austin: One.
Natalie Austin: No one. Everyone. Okay gotcha, gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you do IV or pills or snorting i mean
Natalie Austin: Jordan snore did. Did you ever do it.
QS5509A: No, no, no.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's good.
Natalie Austin: So you are, how are you now.
Natalie Austin: 5151
Natalie Austin: And what age did you start with the air opioids. Were you in your 30s AND YOUR 20s and you're 14
QS5509A: Of them are borders.
Natalie Austin: you're in your 40s when you started really
Natalie Austin: What happened to do you have an injury.
QS5509A: Well yeah I record bike I flipped the bike.
QS5509A: And my arms were all messed up.
Natalie Austin: So how old are you,
Natalie Austin: 4646 4647 okay
Natalie Austin: So they start you started off with pills and then you couldn't get any more prescriptions.
Natalie Austin: That's all right.
QS5509A: Yeah, that's exactly right.
Okay.
QS5509A: Then I went homeless.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
QS5509A: It was really, really cold at night and stuff and
QS5509A: I one of my so called friends say well here try this and I snorted. Some of it and then warned me right up a bit, but it's been a roller coaster ride ever since we're
Natalie Austin: On
QS5509A: The bad boy, for sure.
Natalie Austin: Why are you homeless.
QS5509A: Well, I had lost my job. I lost my job and I lost
QS5509A: The house I was living in. And my friend and my mom died, the same month
Natalie Austin: Oh, like
QS5509A: Everything to hit real hard at one, one summer.
Natalie Austin: That's, that's a lot. All at once.
QS5509A: Or yeah
Natalie Austin: Holy cow.
Natalie Austin: And that was when you were pro at 48 at that point.
QS5509A: Yeah, it was around there.
QS5509A: About four or five years ago.
Natalie Austin: So yeah 47 is when you had your accident, then you're in the opioids and then your friend introduced you to the snorting heroin.
Natalie Austin: That's all about within a year of that.
Natalie Austin: And even story here ever since.
QS5509A: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Did you ever bought any Suboxone off the street or anything to try
Natalie Austin: No. So that just completely new for you.
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, well good. Welcome, you'll
You'll be amazed.
QS5509A: I gotta, I gotta, I gotta stop it. You know, I got to
QS5509A: I need help. Get off of it. I gotta stop it.
Natalie Austin: Well, I'd say the Suboxone is amazing. So good.
Natalie Austin: When you give us a pharmacy. Right.
Natalie Austin: tablets or film.
Natalie Austin: What would you have for the Suboxone we have tablets and they have film to
Natalie Austin: Our
QS5509A: It doesn't matter, whichever works the best. Yeah.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: See
Natalie Austin: I don't know. I think they both do I'll just give you the pills, I think.
Natalie Austin: Since
Natalie Austin: Since you're new to that you might become
Natalie Austin: The film have become weird for you because you've never had it before. So I'll do the Suboxone okay
Natalie Austin: Are you still homeless.
QS5509A: No, I'm with a friend.
But
QS5509A: You wasted space.
Natalie Austin: Um, so past medical history, do you have any diabetes, high blood pressure,
QS5509A: No.
No.
Natalie Austin: Are you take
Natalie Austin: I take any medicines for anything.
No.
Natalie Austin: Any allergies anything know
Natalie Austin: Any past surgeries.
QS5509A: No.
Natalie Austin: You still have your tonsils your appendix and everything.
Natalie Austin: You have all your body parts.
Yes.
QS5509A: Well, some famous
QS5509A: Some t minus a beauty.
Natalie Austin: Your wisdom teeth.
QS5509A: Yeah, they're both all four of them are gone.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: How old are you, and he had that done.
QS5509A: Been
QS5509A: Around 1990 so
Natalie Austin: He's like anxiety or depression. Any other
QS5509A: No, not really.
Mostly over history.
QS5509A: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So you haven't a new symptoms right now. Any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
QS5509A: I'm starting to get sweats a little bit
Natalie Austin: Okay review systems positive for
Natalie Austin: Sweating any diarrhea or constipation.
QS5509A: Well, was constipation. Now it's kind of switching to the other.
The diarrhea.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
QS5509A: Let me go into the
QS5509A: Withdrawal okay
Natalie Austin: Starting to go into withdrawal.
Natalie Austin: So 14 point system reviewed just positive for diarrhea chills.
Natalie Austin: always negative.
Natalie Austin: I can't get him up here because we don't have an officer. He said he switched over a left side abdomen so bad feels like you might want to pass out. I looked him up. He doesn't have any
Natalie Austin: Training at one time about burning on your nations. I don't know if he's like, give me see as
Natalie Austin: Long as
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Family history or your parents still alive.
Natalie Austin: My
QS5509A: Father is
Natalie Austin: How old is he
QS5509A: He's 67
Natalie Austin: Does he have any medical issues.
QS5509A: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And what is your mother passed away.
QS5509A: She passed away.
QS5509A: 2013 I believe
Natalie Austin: Okay. Did she have any medical issues.
QS5509A: Yeah, died of lung cancer.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
QS5509A: I have
QS5509A: One brother and two sisters
Natalie Austin: One passed away.
Natalie Austin: Are they otherwise healthy
QS5509A: Um, yeah, pretty much.
QS5509A: They're both 10 years older than me. So we're all three. Well, I was younger and we actually to 10 years older mature for their age, their healthy
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm social history, are you married single divorced
Divorced
Natalie Austin: Any kids.
Natalie Austin: Medical
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah, just look it up a little. What are you a good. Okay, I just
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, good. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Easy your way. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Michael McQueen.
Natalie Austin: Like a queen now.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: I'm going to order the Sufi text twice a day. I'm going to send that in now.
Natalie Austin: Follow up next week. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Next Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Senior
Natalie Austin: I'll check the pharmacy here. Hold on one second. Check the pharmacy or
Natalie Austin: Worse. Okay. Hello, my lunch. That's okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, there's no lunch right now.
Natalie Austin: I'm on my lunch, but that's okay. I don't need to later.
Natalie Austin: Wrong.
Natalie Austin: Here.
QS5509A: All got to mask on, now.
Natalie Austin: I do, yes.
QS5509A: Those things are uncomfortable.
Natalie Austin: I want you to call me back in like 10 minutes
QS5509A: Excuse me.
Natalie Austin: Are you able to call me back in like 10 minutes
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you haven't gone down to some medical emergency. So I don't want to cut you off and not finished everything
QS5509A: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, we try to try to miss. Yeah.
QS5509A: Do I go back to that weight room or do I go directly to yours.
Natalie Austin: You can go directly to me.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Yeah. Okay. I'll talk to you a little bit
QS5509A: All right. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Thank you. Okay.